OCPBUGS#26565: Expanded the FIPS cryptography mode note with RHEL 9 c… (#70555)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing-fips.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> To enable FIPS mode for your cluster, you must run the installation program from a {op-system-base} computer configured to operate in FIPS mode, because {op-system-base} 9 is not currently supported.

Reviewer: @dfitzmau I'm not if it would be better to remove the `because` word. If we're saying we must run the installation program from a RHEL computer, **because** RHEL 9 is not currently supported, this sounds like a bit confusing, RHEL contains RHEL 9.

> To enable FIPS mode for your cluster, you must run the installation program from a {op-system-base} computer configured to operate in FIPS mode. Running {op-system-base} 9 to install an {product-title} cluster is not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable FIPS mode for your cluster, you must run the installation program from a {op-system-base} 8 computer configured to operate in FIPS mode. Running {op-system-base} 9 with FIPS mode enabled to install an {product-title} cluster is not possible.
```

Author: Thanks, @zaneb . I updated the content as per your suggestion. Would you be OK to leave a LGTM comment on the PR?
